---
layout: post
title: "Here we go!"
subtitle: "The beginning"
tags: [CSS,Python,StackOverflow,GitHub,Slack,TOP,Reddit,Podcast,Zoom,HTML,Discord,Facebook,Udemy]
---

I recently decided I'd take on teaching myself to code with the goal of landing a decent-paying remote job. I didn't know where to start, what type of job I really wanted to do, or even what types of jobs existed!

So far I have:
1. researched various positions on Linkedin, Upwork, Indeed, etc to learn what kinds of jobs are available, what employers are looking for, and what sounds like what I want to do
1. had a Zoom meeting with an old friend who has made the switch to a tech job. He gave some great insight into what to expect, how to succeed & recommendations on getting started.
1. scoured a favorite Facebook group for information on making a career change to tech, resources available, timelines, costs - all the things
1. completed a super basic intro to html/css course on Udemy
1. completed about 3/4 of a Self-Taught Programmer course on Udemy
1. taken quizzes that tell me I'm more suited to learn web development (I agree)
1. joined a few Slack & Facebook groups related to learning to code
1. started listening to some podcast episodes about coding

Today I:
1. started learning on The Odin Project
1. created accounts on GitHub, Discord & Stack Overflow
1. joined the r/learnprogramming thread on Reddit
1. began this blog to keep myself accountable

As many people know, there are so many resources available & it can be overwhelming. I've certainly felt that & have wanted to stop doing x so that I could start doing y. In particular, the Self-Programmer course I'm taking on Udemy is geared towards Python. I realized after taking my "What should I learn?" quizzes that I should start with HTML, CSS, & Javascript (in that order). The course is focused on programming with Python & I have thought of just quitting that at doing another. However, by that point I was already at least halfway through & figured I might as well finish what I started. Plus, it'll be helpful in the future.

My goal with this blog is to add an update every couple days or so explaining what I've done to help me reach my goals. I'm sure I'll be able to add fun stuff like bugs I'm struggling with, projects I've created, courses I've completed, and eventually jobs I've applied, interviewed, and been offered _\*fingers crossed\*_.

Here we go!
