---
layout: post
title: More SQL
subtitle: Week 3, Day 4
tags: [FreeCodeCamp,Podcast,Facebook,OneMonth,SQL]
---

I feel like progress has been slow this past week. I haven't been as focused, maybe. Maybe I've been more preoccupied with the kids... 

Anyways, I just popped in to say that I'm almost through with the SQL course I've been doing through FreeCodeCamp with a Facebook group. I just finished Triggers and had quite a bit of trouble on a couple things:

1. First there was a problem with getting to MySQL through the command line (or Terminal on my Mac). I did a lot of Googling and finally got it! I had to fix the path to get to MySQL & reset the password. Then I had to select the database I was using. It was a process & took most of the day. 
1. Then I had some syntax errors when I was entering the delimiter and trying to create the triggers. Once I got that sorted, it was smooth sailing and I was able to complete the exercises. 

As far as the course goes, I just have 3 more sections, all regarding Er diagrams. So close to the end on this one, and then I'll be able to start something else!

When I was listening to the One Month podcast, there was a mention of a book called Sams Teach Yourself SQL in 10 Minutes. I checked out that book from my local library and started reading. I hope that since I'm completing this SQL course, the book will reinforce many of the topics & help them stick. 

Soon I'll have to go back to the drawing board and decide which course/platform to learn with next. I have so many options, so it won't be easy. However, I may just go back to The Odin Project & work on finishing the course there. I had been starting with the basics of Git and I liked the platform so far. We'll see! 
